README.md, before:

# Steerable Perlin Noise implementation for Godot

## Introduction

A Steerable Perlin Noise implementation [exists for Godot](https://github.com/jakericedesigns/SteerablePerlinNoise/) as a shader.
The objective here is to provide an implementation as a Godot Module (and GDExtension).

## Requirements

This implementation is compatible with Godot 4.x

## Licensing

The code contained in this module is licensed according to the MIT License.

> Copyright 2025 Casual Garage Coder
>
> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
> 
> The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
> 
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

feat: add full implementation of steerable perlin noise

README.md, after:

# Steerable Perlin Noise implementation for Godot

## Introduction

A Steerable Perlin Noise implementation [exists for Godot](https://github.com/jakericedesigns/SteerablePerlinNoise/) as a shader.
The objective here is to provide an implementation as a Godot Module (and GDExtension).

## Requirements

This implementation is compatible with Godot 4.x.
It relies on [glm](https://github.com/g-truc/glm) for internal computation.

## Issues

This version of Perlin noise is effective when it comes to project a 2D noise to a surface using normals. Due to context limitation, the 2D version of the noise is just a sample of the 3D noise for Y = 0.

## Limitations

No GDExtension version is available for now.

## Usage

Create the directory `modules/steerperlin` in your godot repository and recompile all the needed target.
A new resource called `SteerablePerlinNoise` should be available as a `Noise` resource.

## Licensing

The code contained in this module is licensed according to the MIT License.

> Copyright 2025 Casual Garage Coder
>
> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
> 
> The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
> 
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
